TODO.md, before:


# Longest Valid Parentheses (Hard)
Not yet do only refer answer from forum https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-valid-parentheses/discuss/2068304/C%2B%2B-Using-left-and-right-parentheses-count 
# ones-and-zeroes
Only refer solution from discussion 
# palindromic-substrings
TODO
# longest-increasing-path-in-a-matrix
only refer solution from https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-increasing-path-in-a-matrix/discuss/2052285/C%2B%2B-dp-dfs
# permutations-ii
only refer answer from https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations-ii/discuss/2030543/C%2B%2B-oror-Fast-oror-std-library
# 132-pattern
not yet do but refer solution
# evaluate-division
not yet do but refer solution
# path-with-minimum-effort
refer solution

# smallest-string-with-swaps
Not yet done , just refer official answer
https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-string-with-swaps/solution/


# min-cost-to-connect-all-points
//https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-to-connect-all-points/

//refer https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-to-connect-all-points/discuss/843940/C%2B%2B-MST%3A-Kruskal-%2B-Prim's-%2B-Complete-Graph

# connecting-cities-with-minimum-cost 
https://leetcode.com/problems/connecting-cities-with-minimum-cost/
Not yet done



# longest-increasing-path-in-a-matrix (Hard)
Only refer solution from https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-increasing-path-in-a-matrix/discuss/2052285/C%2B%2B-dp-dfs

# critical-connections-in-a-network (Hard)
Still try to solve by BFS
# network-delay-time 
Not yet done, only refer solution 
# two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted
In binary search study plan but not yet finish this problem
# binary-search-tree-iterator-ii
I refer this answer
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator-ii/discuss/851112/C%2B%2B-Stack-and-List
But I still cannot solve this problem by myself. Microsoft, 半年來都考過這題
# recover-binary-search-tree
I refer this answer
https://leetcode.com/problems/recover-binary-search-tree/discuss/1962281/C%2B%2B-oror-Easy-to-understand
But I still cannot solve this problem by myself. Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Apple , Adobe 半年來都考過這題
# next-permutation
I only refer https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/solution/ to write C++
and I still have no idea how to think this problem.
# remove-duplicate-letters 
Use Monotonic to solve but I just rewrite Java answer into C++ answer. 
I don't know deatil of why it can be. Need to study more.
# rotate-list
The current solution is not mine.

# champagne-tower
Not yet finish

# duplicate-zeros 
Still need to find O(1) method to solve this issue

## minimum-difference-in-sums-after-removal-of-elements
還沒解出來，不曉得為什麼算法會不對，還要研究

## subarray-sum-equals-k
dirty work to solve testcase ,-1,1,-1,1,-1,1,-1 but not truely to solve

## best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-iv (Hard)
目前還沒有想到怎麼解決 k=c 的問題， k=1 k=無限大都有手中解了 
Len Chen的討論串有指引，但我想用自己的方法
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1451299754892511/posts/5026271204061997/

## largest-rectangle-in-histogram
Finish but still not yet too much know how to use Monotonic Stack

## all-elements-in-two-binary-search-trees.cpp
Still doing but meet some bug cannot solve for some test case

## stone-game-iv.cpp
Not read yet , just user another people's solution. 

## earliest-possible-day-of-full-bloom.cpp
Not yet thinking and solve

## text-justification
Not yet thinking and solve

## minimum-swaps-to-group-all-1s-together-ii
Not yet thinking and solve

Commit message:

C++/steps-to-make-array-non-decreasing.cpp still doing but not solve yet

TODO.md, after:

# steps-to-make-array-non-decreasing
Still doing but not solve yet. 
# Longest Valid Parentheses (Hard)
Not yet do only refer answer from forum https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-valid-parentheses/discuss/2068304/C%2B%2B-Using-left-and-right-parentheses-count 
# ones-and-zeroes
Only refer solution from discussion 
# palindromic-substrings
TODO
# longest-increasing-path-in-a-matrix
only refer solution from https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-increasing-path-in-a-matrix/discuss/2052285/C%2B%2B-dp-dfs
# permutations-ii
only refer answer from https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations-ii/discuss/2030543/C%2B%2B-oror-Fast-oror-std-library
# 132-pattern
not yet do but refer solution
# evaluate-division
not yet do but refer solution
# path-with-minimum-effort
refer solution

# smallest-string-with-swaps
Not yet done , just refer official answer
https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-string-with-swaps/solution/


# min-cost-to-connect-all-points
//https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-to-connect-all-points/

//refer https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-to-connect-all-points/discuss/843940/C%2B%2B-MST%3A-Kruskal-%2B-Prim's-%2B-Complete-Graph

# connecting-cities-with-minimum-cost 
https://leetcode.com/problems/connecting-cities-with-minimum-cost/
Not yet done



# longest-increasing-path-in-a-matrix (Hard)
Only refer solution from https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-increasing-path-in-a-matrix/discuss/2052285/C%2B%2B-dp-dfs

# critical-connections-in-a-network (Hard)
Still try to solve by BFS
# network-delay-time 
Not yet done, only refer solution 
# two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted
In binary search study plan but not yet finish this problem
# binary-search-tree-iterator-ii
I refer this answer
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator-ii/discuss/851112/C%2B%2B-Stack-and-List
But I still cannot solve this problem by myself. Microsoft, 半年來都考過這題
# recover-binary-search-tree
I refer this answer
https://leetcode.com/problems/recover-binary-search-tree/discuss/1962281/C%2B%2B-oror-Easy-to-understand
But I still cannot solve this problem by myself. Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Apple , Adobe 半年來都考過這題
# next-permutation
I only refer https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/solution/ to write C++
and I still have no idea how to think this problem.
# remove-duplicate-letters 
Use Monotonic to solve but I just rewrite Java answer into C++ answer. 
I don't know deatil of why it can be. Need to study more.
# rotate-list
The current solution is not mine.

# champagne-tower
Not yet finish

# duplicate-zeros 
Still need to find O(1) method to solve this issue

## minimum-difference-in-sums-after-removal-of-elements
還沒解出來，不曉得為什麼算法會不對，還要研究

## subarray-sum-equals-k
dirty work to solve testcase ,-1,1,-1,1,-1,1,-1 but not truely to solve

## best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-iv (Hard)
目前還沒有想到怎麼解決 k=c 的問題， k=1 k=無限大都有手中解了 
Len Chen的討論串有指引，但我想用自己的方法
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1451299754892511/posts/5026271204061997/

## largest-rectangle-in-histogram
Finish but still not yet too much know how to use Monotonic Stack

## all-elements-in-two-binary-search-trees.cpp
Still doing but meet some bug cannot solve for some test case

## stone-game-iv.cpp
Not read yet , just user another people's solution. 

## earliest-possible-day-of-full-bloom.cpp
Not yet thinking and solve

## text-justification
Not yet thinking and solve

## minimum-swaps-to-group-all-1s-together-ii
Not yet thinking and solve
